[docs] Streamline beats getting started guides (#17007)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/shared/opendashboards.asciidoc

// tag::open-dashboards-intro[]
{beatname_uc} comes with pre-built {kib} dashboards and UIs for visualizing log
data. You loaded the dashboards earlier when you ran the `setup` command.
// end::open-dashboards-intro[]

// tag::open-dashboards[]
To open the dashboards:

. Launch {kib}:
+
--
include::{libbeat-dir}/tab-widgets/open-kibana-widget.asciidoc[]
--

. In the side navigation, click *Discover*. To see {beatname_uc} data, make
sure the predefined +{beatname_lc}-*+ index pattern is selected.
+
--

> TIP: If you don’t see data in {kib}, try changing the date range to a larger

Reviewer: Officially, it's called the `time filter`.

```suggestion
TIP: If you don’t see data in {kib}, try changing the time filter to a larger
```
